Father
Yang'er wants to design Prince Rong
Are we really not involved?
King Rong Qin is already riding on the neck of our Gao family
Shit on the stalk
How can you let my high government bear it?
Father
I didn't mean that.
Just a little worried
After all, court struggles
Once you win, you lose everything.
But still too young
The court is sinister
Don't be careless, oops.
You underestimate the sheep.
A coincidence
Two accidents
While the old man is still alive, someone will cover the bottom line
Just practice the sheep's technique
The three old men dream of good things
Then I will transfer 1,000 taels of silver from the mansion and send it there.
What do you do with 1,000 taels of silver?
It's not my father who asked to dial 1,000 taels of silver
Send it to the sheep to deal with King Rongqing?
When did I say
This tweezer is a liar even to his father
Forget it, give it to him if he wants
As long as you don't give the little girl surnamed Song the flowers, you won't put them down.
Husband and wife
I'll arrange it now.
Tell it to go
The old man will gather friends to come to the mansion tomorrow to explore the art of war
Let Yang Er stand aside in the backcourt to learn
The descendants of my Gao family only understand poisons
Don't know the art of war
Wouldn't it be a joke if it got out?
matter
Miss, it's getting dark
I'm afraid the Wailong won't come
Miss Ben wrote him a letter herself
According to the character of this lamb
He must be precious
Impossible not to come
Miss
Wait a minute.
Maybe something is delayed.
Wait another hour.
Did I remember it wrong?
Not this big locust tree
You send someone to inquire again
See if anything is delayed. Okay.
Miss Miss
Not good, this servant took Dingguo Kung Fu around in a circle
Found this.
Isn't this my letter to the lamb?
Why does it feel like it's been eaten by a dog?
Miss is right
The slaves are outside the Dingguo Mansion
Found this near the dog woman
There are also dog prints on it
For this letter, the servant was chased and bitten by a dog
What kennel?
Yes, and the servant asked around
Since sometimes it's been electric
No one comes out
Miss, let's go back first, dog sheep.
reply